Having had a long rest the party set out to explore more of the lost mine.  The high levels of magic in the mine had a good effect on the shape changer changing them into a Griffin.  The party explored a great cavern scattered with skeletons of dwarfs, goblins and orcs, luckily after investigation these turned out to be really dead and not zombies.    The cavern was split into two levels on half of the high levels lurked some ghouls.   A hard battle was fought as it was hard to get to the upper levels, a daring airborne rescue of a stranded character went about as well as expected with the character rescued but then dropped from a great height, eventually the party of course prevailed.

The next cavern contained a dried waterway complete with waterwheel, bellows and blast furnace, magic was everywhere in this room.  The room also contained zombies and a tiny floating glowing green skull.    The plucky Griffin attacked the teeny tiny skull then bravely flew away when it turns out the skull had some interesting fire based responses.  A fight with the zombies was split into two parts,  the melee experts in the middle of the action with the rouges hiding down the corridor and leaping out of hiding to shoot the zombies with ranged weapons.   Well this was the plan unfortunately one of the rouges missed the bit about about the zombies being the target and shot the other rouge in the back.  The aforementioned rouge is still in hiding.

With the zombies being vaguely competently dealt with the Griffin and spell caster turned their attention to the teeny tiny skull, which unleashed a fireball hurting most of the party.    Our brave Griffin flew to attack the skull but unfortunately the background magic effected this plan and turned the Griffin into a awakened shrub, rather denting the effect of the attack.   Luckily our spell caster manged to finish of the skull, the party is still standing (apart from the shrubbery), but leaking badly.

No treasure was found and each player has 4088XP